stock_picking_yamato_csv/README.rst, before:

========================
Stock Picking Yamato CSV
========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/stock_picking_yamato_csv
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- Let users export delivery instruction data in CSV format to be uploaded to the Yamato WMS.

This module depends on report_csv module from OCA.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Following settings should be updated:

- Shipper Code (in company)
- Delivery Time Category (in delivery time)

Usage
=====

Select deliveries that should be included in the delivery instruction data,
and then go to *Print > Yamato CSV* to export the data.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_yamato_csv%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/stock_picking_yamato_csv>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

st1 [1658][IMP] stock_picking_yamato_csv (#41)
* Move shipper code field from company to warehouse.
* Propose carrier code based on shipping partner or warehouse.
* 備考 to show the same value as 納品書出力項目.

stock_picking_yamato_csv/README.rst, after:

========================
Stock Picking Yamato CSV
========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/stock_picking_yamato_csv
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- Let users export delivery instruction data in CSV format to be uploaded to the Yamato WMS.

This module depends on report_csv module from OCA.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Following settings should be updated:

- Shipper Code (in warehouse)
- Carrier Code (in warehouse)
- Delivery Time Category (in delivery time)

Carrier Code can also be set in the shipping partner - when a delivery is created,
Carrier Code in the delivery is defaulted from the shipping partner if there is a value
set, otherwise from the warehouse.

Usage
=====

Select deliveries that should be included in the delivery instruction data,
and then go to *Print > Yamato CSV* to export the data.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_yamato_csv%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/stock_picking_yamato_csv>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
