account_invoice_validate_send_email/README.rst, before:

===================================
Account Invoice Validate Send Email
===================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_validate_send_email
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- When customer invoice that meets all of the following conditions is validated, Odoo will print and send the invoice to the followers of the document.
  - 'Send Invoice upon Validation' is set in the workflow process linked to the invoice.
  - 'Not Auto-send Invoice' of the pikcing linked to the invoice is not selected.
  - 'Not Auto-send Invoice' of the payment term assigned to the invoice is not selected.
  - 'Invoice Sent' is not flagged (the field is flagged when the invoice is sent by the module logic).

The module depends on the OCA module sale_automatic_workflow.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to *Sales > Settings > Automatic Workflow > Automatic Workflow*, open a
workflow process of your concern and select 'Send Invoice upon Validation' to
use the functions of this module.

Go to *Accounting > Settings > Management > Payment Terms*, open a payment term
and select 'Not Auto-send Invoice' in case the invoices with the payment term
should be outside the scope of the email notification despite the workflow process settings.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_validate_send_email%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* JackLe <lehoangan1988@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_validate_send_email>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

st1 [1691][IMP] account_invoice_validate_send_email (#63)
* initial commit

* adjust source codes first time

* adjusting account_invoice.py

* add last_newline to fix error of pre-commit

* after pre-commit

* revert a few files. imcomplete files are included like ja.po

* after run pre-commit

* replace double quotation to single in error mes.

* undo replacing

* unit_test_passed... template.id was entered.

* undo unneccessary change

* revise view of co. info. and treatment of co. id

* Update ja.po

* revert treatment of co. id

Co-authored-by: Yoshi Tashiro (Quartile) <tashiro@quartile.co>

* revert info. of email template

Co-authored-by: Yoshi Tashiro (Quartile) <tashiro@quartile.co>

* add description to CONFIGURE.rst

* fix pre-commit error

* regenerate README.rst and index.html

* reflect suggested change to DONFIGURE.rst

* fix parameters.

Co-authored-by: tack-yabeQuartile <yabe@quartile.co>
Co-authored-by: tack-yabeQuartile <85266439+tack-yabeQuartile@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Yoshi Tashiro (Quartile) <tashiro@quartile.co>

account_invoice_validate_send_email/README.rst, after:

===================================
Account Invoice Validate Send Email
===================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_validate_send_email
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- When customer invoice that meets all of the following conditions is validated, Odoo will print and send the invoice to the followers of the document.
  - 'Send Invoice upon Validation' is set in the workflow process linked to the invoice.
  - 'Not Auto-send Invoice' of the pikcing linked to the invoice is not selected.
  - 'Not Auto-send Invoice' of the payment term assigned to the invoice is not selected.
  - 'Invoice Sent' is not flagged (the field is flagged when the invoice is sent by the module logic).

The module depends on the OCA module sale_automatic_workflow.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to *Sales > Settings > Automatic Workflow > Automatic Workflow*, open a
workflow process of your concern and select 'Send Invoice upon Validation' to
use the functions of this module.

Go to *Accounting > Settings > Management > Payment Terms*, open a payment term
and select 'Not Auto-send Invoice' in case the invoices with the payment term
should be outside the scope of the email notification despite the workflow process settings.

Go to *Settings > Users > companies*, open your company information page
and select a template for 'Invoice Email Template'.
No email will be sent out upon invoice validation if no template is set for the company.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_validate_send_email%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* JackLe <lehoangan1988@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_validate_send_email>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
