website_sale_affiliate_a8/README.rst, before:

=========================
Website Sale Affiliate A8
=========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/website_sale_affiliate_a8
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module adds a script at the root of the website to pass the relevant sales data to A8, an affiliate service provider.
- Adds script page for set affiliate provider's javascript.
- Affiliate program's info defines in system parameter.
- Save the URL parameter (a8_param) in a cookie.
- Save the a8_param in the partner.
- Save the user's a8_param in a cookie at the time of checkout.
- Clear the user's a8_param at the time of payment confirmation.

Currencies supported by A8: JPY, USD, and EUR

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

For the initial setup, go to *Settings > Technical > System Parameters* and update 3 parameters like below:

- affiliate.service.name: Affiliate service provider's name
- affiliate.pid: Program ID issued by affiliate vendor
- affiliate.script.src: URL to the conversion acquisition script

See https://document.a8.net/ec/trackingGuide-ja.html for hte tag specification.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_affiliate_a8%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/website_sale_affiliate_a8>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[2847][FIX]website_sale_affiliate_a8: wrocorrectxpires' format
Before this fix, cookie generation at the time of checkout (when conditions are met) would
result in an internal server error.

website_sale_affiliate_a8/README.rst, after:

=========================
Website Sale Affiliate A8
=========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/website_sale_affiliate_a8
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module adds a script in the /shop/confirmation page to pass the relevant sales data
to A8, an affiliate service provider.

- Capture a8_param from the cookie and saves it in the partner at user login.
- Generates a cookie with A8 param based on the partner's a8_param at the time of
  checkout.
- Extends the template of /shop/confirmation page to set A8's JavaScript and sales
  contents.
- Clears a8_param of the partner with payment confirmation.

Currencies supported by A8: JPY, USD, and EUR

Caveats
-------

Currently the A8 affiliate sales is NOT recognized for if customer takes following
operation sequence:

#. Customer is already logged in to the eCommerce shop.
#. Customer clicks an A8 link to arrive at the shop (no login step since already logged
   in). When this happens, the user is not updated with the A8 param.
#. Customer logs in to the shop from another device/browser to proceed with an order.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

For the initial setup, go to *Settings > Technical > System Parameters* and update
following three parameters:

- affiliate.service.name: Affiliate service provider's name
- affiliate.pid: Program ID issued by affiliate vendor
- affiliate.script.src: URL to the conversion acquisition script

See https://document.a8.net/ec/trackingGuide-ja.html for the tag specification.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_affiliate_a8%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/website_sale_affiliate_a8>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
