account_tax_round_down/README.rst, before:

======================
Account Tax Round Down
======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/account_tax_round_down
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

* Provides the function of rounding down the tax amount in the invoice, covering:

  * the total presentation in invoice form/print
  * the tax amount calculation of account move line

Note that, due to the structure of compute_all() method, the round-down does not work
perfectly in case the document involves multiple taxes with different price_include
settings (which is not expected to happen under normal circumstances in the Japanese
business environment).


Background:
-----------

In Japan there is sometimes a tacit industry-wide convention of rounding down the tax
amount instead of applying the default rounding ("HALF-UP").

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to Accounting (or Invoicing) > Configuration > Settings, and select "Round-down Tax
Amounts" for companies where tax amounts should be rownded down.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20account_tax_round_down%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/account_tax_round_down>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[2450][IMP] account_tax_round_down: make need_tax_round_down True by default (#185)

account_tax_round_down/README.rst, after:

======================
Account Tax Round Down
======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/account_tax_round_down
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

* Provides the function of rounding down the tax amount in the invoice, covering:

  * the total presentation in invoice form/print
  * the tax amount calculation of account move line

Note that, due to the structure of compute_all() method, the round-down does not work
perfectly in case the document involves multiple taxes with different price_include
settings (which is not expected to happen under normal circumstances in the Japanese
business environment).


Background:
-----------

In Japan there is sometimes a tacit industry-wide convention of rounding down the tax
amount instead of applying the default rounding ("HALF-UP").

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to Accounting (or Invoicing) > Configuration > Settings, and select "Round-down Tax
Amounts" for companies where tax amounts should be rownded down (selection is done by
default).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20account_tax_round_down%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/account_tax_round_down>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
