mail_compose_message_reply_to/README.rst, before:

=============================
Mail Compose Message Reply To
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/mail_compose_message_reply_to
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- If a mail template was arranged, Odoo will automatically set the reply_to address when send mails.

This is to "fix" the standard behavior which we suspect to be a bug - even when 'reply-to' is set in the template.
it does not seem to be respected.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20mail_compose_message_reply_to%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/mail_compose_message_reply_to>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] mail_compose_message_reply_to: Migration to 15.0

mail_compose_message_reply_to/README.rst, after:

=============================
Mail Compose Message Reply To
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/mail_compose_message_reply_to
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- Respects the 'reply-to' setting of the email template unless the value was otherwise specified.

This is to "fix" the standard behavior which we suspect to be a bug - even when 'reply-to' is set in the template.
it does not seem to be respected.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20mail_compose_message_reply_to%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/15.0/mail_compose_message_reply_to>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
