account_invoice_date_delivered/README.rst, before:

==============================
Account Invoice Date Delivered
==============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Fmi7--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_delivered
    :alt: qrtl/mi7-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- Adds time_delivered and date_delivered fields to account.invoice, which should be
  populated for customer invoices based on the linked pickings.

The intention of having the date_delivered field (date type) is so that it will be easy
for users to see the date according to their timezone when the data are exported.

The module depends on the OCA module stock_picking_invoice_link.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_date_delivered%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/mi7-custom <https://github.com/qrtl/mi7-custom/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_delivered>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_invoice_date_delivered: Migration to 15.0

account_invoice_date_delivered/README.rst, after:

==============================
Account Invoice Date Delivered
==============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Faccount_invoice_date_delivered-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered/tree/15.0/account_invoice_date_delivered
    :alt: qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

- Adds time_delivered and date_delivered fields to account.invoice, which should be
  populated for customer invoices based on the linked pickings.

The intention of having the date_delivered field (date type) is so that it will be easy
for users to see the date according to their timezone when the data are exported.

The module depends on the OCA module stock_picking_invoice_link.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_date_delivered%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered <https://github.com/qrtl/account_invoice_date_delivered/tree/15.0/account_invoice_date_delivered>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
